# Polymer-Modeling
MATLAB M-Files to model polymer scission and combination, intended to be compared to HPLC data.

This is a set of MATLAB m-files that I wrote between 2006 and 2012 to model the scission and combination reactions of arbitrary polymer distributions.  My thesis work (Photochemical Crosslinking Reactions in Polymers, Columbia University, 2012) was partially based upon it.  It takes arbitration polymer size distributions (as the number fraction of chains (yaxis) at each chain size (number of monomers), (xaxis)) and models scission and combination reactions based upon a number of theories.  This code/model is polymer-independent, in that the chemistry does not need to be understood to model.  Instead, the scission and combination events per unit time are determined from experimental data, so all mechanisms are included.  The experimental data was taken as HPLC data using RID, UV, and MALLS detectors. None of that data is included here.  The other repository (HPLC-Analysis-Code) includes a number of m-files and scripts that were used on the data itself in order to prepare it to the results of this modeling. There may be some overlap, duplication, and inter-dependencies between the two repositories.  I attempted to minimize this.

Hamielec.m is the main model file.

Everyone is free to use them as the license dictates, but considering the specificity of the application and the wide variety of available software and analysis packages, they may not be relevant to your systems. They are, in general, not sufficiently explained in comments and I will not be updating the comments. I have uploaded them for nostalgic and demonstration reasons.
